real-time HDR I mentioned another
world's first that's going to make a
huge difference when you're capturing
the moment especially in low light let
me show you here's a close-up taken with
the s6 in a dimly lit bar with no flash
I mean there's never been a front camera
as powerful as this it is a remarkable
achievement but don't worry we didn't
forget the back you're looking at the
level of quality you get with the rear
camera look at the Christmas the rich
colors the details in the background it
has a 16 megapixel sensor in the same
amazingly bright f 1.9 lens we also
included the optical image stabilization
feature introduced on the note 4 check
this out this is the difference you will
see right off the bat
and no touch-up know tweak settings no
photoshopping it's incredible and we
didn't just improve still images video
is even better so what you're looking at
now was shot with the iphone 6 plus oh
it's a little hard to tell what this is
but I think it's a couple city can you
show me a better video that same scene
same lighting conditions save everything
that's shot with the s6 pool right
we are tremendously proud of what we've
been able to achieve and it's all
because of the incredibly bright f 1.9
lens we can't wait to see what you'll
create with it